Updated readme file (#3)
redhat-et/homomorphic-learning: README.md

# Homomorphic Learning

> The repository is dedicated to Medhodology study for Multi-Party Learning also known as homomorphic learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository is dedicated to Methodology study for Multi-Party Learning also known as homomorphic learning.
```

## Project Goals

> _Perform a proof of concept study of homomorphic learning, as a technique and also the open source tooling ecosystem._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Investigate the state of the art for homomorphic learning, both as a technique for privacy aware machine learning as well as the open source tooling ecosystem around it._
```

> - Literature survey: perform a literature survey on homomorphic learning to understand the state of the art from an abstract technique perspective.

Reviewer: What is the outcome of the Literature survey?  A blog?

Reviewer 2: I think we can a detailed explanation here, like what things we are planning to look into as a part of the literature survey like research papers, blogs, articles, youtube videos, conference talks, etc.

Reviewer: @suppathak :+1: sounds good. that is what I figured, but I think its good to make this explicit.

Author: thanks @MichaelClifford . Shall I add this point to the readme file as well?

> - Tooling survey: similarly, perform a tooling survey to understand the landscape of homomorphic learning tooling, with a particular focus on open source tooling, and available integrations with more mainstream tooling.

Reviewer: what is meant by "available integrations with more mainstream tooling" ? Not sure if this part is needed.
